weekend_project_2/ballot/README.md, before:

# Homework week 2
# Commands 
```
yarn run deploy <prop1> <prop2> <prop3>  ...
yarn run vote <contract:string> <vote:number
yarn run giveRightToVote <contract:string> <address:string>
yarn run delegate <contract:string> <address:string>
yarn run winner:proposal <contract:string>
yarn run winner:name <contract:string> 
```
## Contract Address: 0xE380Db20c6D3c99199BDA9672C99965decc205a7

## Contract deployment

https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0xf8676e2c6b1a57642ddadf201ad614b7d3e80ff52157ed133639dabf32abbf4d

## Give right to vote

The next transactions were done by the chairman:

https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0x8977dcebd1ecfbf9df0aa3102de8d1e7d50ab726fa711a1216cbd163c95b05bf
https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0x4c05881b01df65a531b10f07f79d4ff49428c3c3db9dfe3d33dbb8d6381e1dd6
https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0xd258ad75b6d641d0b7b050cbba4ae701cb86820948ff1e864bd71ca6e6e77956
https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0x3d2e0bf2da6a05abc836200b5bcda9b5c86ac517cfb7aa6180818714df1fd789

## Vote

The next transactions were done by the voters (including the chairman):

https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0x7f3a6d1ba87641f2301be080a558a22c44dd55c2f64bbcfdf7b0f4172d9ff9ea
https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0x5055dd0eb40979d642fc4a149d900699c065def1cd7c7d3b638d6413d15de40d
https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0x408526b8a76d762ccd62a3e50d368f70486d74ef1d1ef8e86ae6f07755ce1534

## Rejected give right to vote:

This transaction was made by a participant who was not the chairman. As expected, it was rejected:

https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0x0d00d1b20901fe16e55107da6bed517696cfb0bddce53ca6329990f80586e579

## Rejected vote: already voted.

This transaction was made by a participant who had already voted. As expected, it was rejected:

https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0xe1f7e3f5e454027790a6f55417ee0707fed75c9f0077b90cf70172eac5c4e19b

## Interesting thing to note

Adding `{ gasLimit: 50000 }` to the transaction calls allowed us to always register the transaction on the network. Without this parameter, the transaction was rejected before it was sent to the network, and the error appeared in the terminal.

As a result, the rejected transactions were not visible as evidence in the block explorer. After adding the gas limit, they were.

Here is an example about how we used it:

```typescript
await ballotContract.vote(proposal, { gasLimit: 50000 });
```

## Test
```bash
    Ballot
    when the contract is deployed
      ✔ has the provided proposals
      ✔ has zero votes for all proposals
      ✔ sets the deployer address as chairperson
      ✔ sets the voting weight for the chairperson as 1
    when the chairperson interacts with the giveRightToVote function in the contract
      ✔ gives right to vote for another address
      ✔ can not give right to vote for someone that has voted (44ms)
      ✔ can not give right to vote for someone that has already voting rights
    when the voter interacts with the vote function in the contract
      ✔ should register the vote
    when the voter interacts with the delegate function in the contract
      ✔ should transfer voting power
    when an account other than the chairperson interacts with the giveRightToVote function in the contract
      ✔ should revert
    when an account without right to vote interacts with the vote function in the contract
      ✔ should revert
    when an account without right to vote interacts with the delegate function in the contract
      ✔ should revert
    when someone interacts with the winningProposal function before any votes are cast
      ✔ should return 0
    when someone interacts with the winningProposal function after one vote is cast for the first proposal
      ✔ should return 0
    when someone interacts with the winnerName function before any votes are cast
      ✔ should return name of proposal 0
    when someone interacts with the winnerName function after one vote is cast for the first proposal
      ✔ should return name of proposal 0
    when someone interacts with the winningProposal function and winnerName after 5 random votes are cast for the proposals
      ✔ should return the name of the winner proposal (84ms)
  ### 17 passing (2s)
```

Commit message:

Added example of rejected delegate vote

weekend_project_2/ballot/README.md, after:

# Homework week 2
# Commands 
```
yarn run deploy <prop1> <prop2> <prop3>  ...
yarn run vote <contract:string> <vote:number
yarn run giveRightToVote <contract:string> <address:string>
yarn run delegate <contract:string> <address:string>
yarn run winner:proposal <contract:string>
yarn run winner:name <contract:string> 
```
## Contract Address: 0xE380Db20c6D3c99199BDA9672C99965decc205a7

## Contract deployment

https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0xf8676e2c6b1a57642ddadf201ad614b7d3e80ff52157ed133639dabf32abbf4d

## Give right to vote

The next transactions were done by the chairman:

https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0x8977dcebd1ecfbf9df0aa3102de8d1e7d50ab726fa711a1216cbd163c95b05bf
https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0x4c05881b01df65a531b10f07f79d4ff49428c3c3db9dfe3d33dbb8d6381e1dd6
https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0xd258ad75b6d641d0b7b050cbba4ae701cb86820948ff1e864bd71ca6e6e77956
https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0x3d2e0bf2da6a05abc836200b5bcda9b5c86ac517cfb7aa6180818714df1fd789

## Vote

The next transactions were done by the voters (including the chairman):

https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0x7f3a6d1ba87641f2301be080a558a22c44dd55c2f64bbcfdf7b0f4172d9ff9ea
https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0x5055dd0eb40979d642fc4a149d900699c065def1cd7c7d3b638d6413d15de40d
https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0x408526b8a76d762ccd62a3e50d368f70486d74ef1d1ef8e86ae6f07755ce1534

## Rejected give right to vote:

This transaction was made by a participant who was not the chairman. As expected, it was rejected:

https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0x0d00d1b20901fe16e55107da6bed517696cfb0bddce53ca6329990f80586e579

## Rejected vote: already voted.

This transaction was made by a participant who had already voted. As expected, it was rejected:

https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0xe1f7e3f5e454027790a6f55417ee0707fed75c9f0077b90cf70172eac5c4e19b

## Rejected delegate vote: already voted.

This transaction was made by a participant who had already voted. As expected, it was rejected:

https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0x75ff7d704b3671156d13dc30f4e768e07f7cd6edd29c7b831a02cb6e0ece23cb

## Interesting thing to note

Adding `{ gasLimit: 50000 }` to the transaction calls allowed us to always register the transaction on the network. Without this parameter, the transaction was rejected before it was sent to the network, and the error appeared in the terminal.

As a result, the rejected transactions were not visible as evidence in the block explorer. After adding the gas limit, they were.

Here is an example about how we used it:

```typescript
await ballotContract.vote(proposal, { gasLimit: 50000 });
```

## Test
```bash
    Ballot
    when the contract is deployed
      ✔ has the provided proposals
      ✔ has zero votes for all proposals
      ✔ sets the deployer address as chairperson
      ✔ sets the voting weight for the chairperson as 1
    when the chairperson interacts with the giveRightToVote function in the contract
      ✔ gives right to vote for another address
      ✔ can not give right to vote for someone that has voted (44ms)
      ✔ can not give right to vote for someone that has already voting rights
    when the voter interacts with the vote function in the contract
      ✔ should register the vote
    when the voter interacts with the delegate function in the contract
      ✔ should transfer voting power
    when an account other than the chairperson interacts with the giveRightToVote function in the contract
      ✔ should revert
    when an account without right to vote interacts with the vote function in the contract
      ✔ should revert
    when an account without right to vote interacts with the delegate function in the contract
      ✔ should revert
    when someone interacts with the winningProposal function before any votes are cast
      ✔ should return 0
    when someone interacts with the winningProposal function after one vote is cast for the first proposal
      ✔ should return 0
    when someone interacts with the winnerName function before any votes are cast
      ✔ should return name of proposal 0
    when someone interacts with the winnerName function after one vote is cast for the first proposal
      ✔ should return name of proposal 0
    when someone interacts with the winningProposal function and winnerName after 5 random votes are cast for the proposals
      ✔ should return the name of the winner proposal (84ms)
  ### 17 passing (2s)
```
